that's how it was very oh oh stop
you are welcome
and you stop learning, let's just
take rest so what's next u
German she won u want to freely
speak German
added of sight of route in may says and
windows still doxy
May Potter what are you talking about this day
piss okay I'll figure it out myself
Denis has a crush on me
it is clear that in this it is not
going to marry me or decide
not children denis what are you carrying
avi is really interesting what are you talking about
Denis I want you to speak
cookies that cookies may need
get her love me a little bit not up
such a degree that they want to marry for the sake of
all holy is not there in the kitchen
cookies i don't give me cookies yet
answer my question zhenya red
cookies black cookies are all about
you think larvae please ask
nothing important except cookies please
okay, all clear dynistor astana thinking
I can't listen to anything
concentrate until you give me
cookies know this is crazy but nothing
I can do it seems seriously on them
by phone so please give me one
I gladly reflect on a cookie
anything else sensible suggestion
he goes for cookies he goes for
cookies here it is finally finally
he gets them he gets them of any from him
now he will throw none
here she is
gosh how is it probably difficult to be
the dog I could not think that you have
so many desires
so what's up with you this bitch what
bitch part of which up corresponded
last night my bay she's not a bitch okay
she is a very nice girl and we are not
just corresponded exactly that you and
do not actually we very much
talked talked about correspondence no what
you can still talk a lot about what to become
if you think you wouldn't mind now
your leg
how about a little dance with you
come on daddy, I 'm not mistaken, I'm
made of you time she thought
creature in rationally minded creatures
also have a service ha ha ha well come on
let's see what you can do with it
take away from me my needs this why of
my life has no meaning in them
the cookies are being sung I don't like ours
conversation but I worship you master
i love you so much i adore you
to please
my whole world collapses once upon me
you can call in would be better
no silence don't take my speech from me
now when i can think intelligently it
it would be so cruel
someone came call Pavlova here someone
come and call from the title of chapters hey
someone came in here and someone's there again
this is behind the door oh god i'm writing something wrong
did not just sit quietly understandable yes
yes of course I will do everything so that you do not
angry at me here again melon dry land
just listen okay
sit quietly this order I understood exactly
I love orders
especially your orders are fine then
shut up shit exactly
shut up kochergin good boy